hey how's it going guys Zack Cox here
and in today's grand theft auto 5 video
we're going to be talking about so leaks
that we've just gotten in regards to a
single player DLC expansion for grand
theft auto 5 now I want to say that this
information comes from a very reputable
source in the community by the name of
fun mw2 who I've mentioned on the
channel quite a bit within the past year
because when it comes to things such as
GTA 5 and online dlc leaks he has
provided us with information that is
right about 99.9 percent of the time so
a very creditable and reputable source
fun mw2 is however since Rockstar Games
does not actually come out themselves
and confirmed this information we can
only take it with a grain of salt and to
a certain extent but I would say and
I've been saying this for a while now by
the end of 2015 I believe we're gonna
see a GTA 5 single player DLC or
expansion and it's gonna be big it's
gonna be one of the biggest updates for
GTA 5 but furthermore with that said now
the way let's actually go ahead and get
started with the video so this
information of course like I mention is
from fun mw2 and you can check out the
original post down below in the
description and starting off the first
thing that's listed is the jetpack tasks
native that can be found within the GTA
5 coding or the game files and I am NOT
a genius and I'm not really too good at
deciphering code but it's basically
listed in the game files as task
underscore jetpack and that could mean a
variety of things it could be just a
beta content or beta content or a beta
prop that was in the beta version of GTA
5 it was removed and Rockstar left it in
the game files just to be mysterious and
that's how Rockstar is or it could be
something that we're gonna see in GTA 5
let's say a single-player expansion DLC
and extension of the Mount chiliad
mystery that would be very cool and I do
think that we're gonna see something
like that within this GTA 5
single-player update now moving on there
is also a brand new landmass that could
be added into the game and
unfortunately it's not something like
Vice City that we'd like to see your
Liberty City or Las Ventas or anything
like that it's actually a new city added
into the north yankton called Clifford
now we note that there's ludendorff
north yankton and i believe that's how
you pronounce that but there's also it
could be Clifford and once again this
could be something that was maybe
removed from the game but I think we
would have known about this earlier on
and upon for the research I don't
believe there is any location in the GTA
series that takes place in a location
called Clifford so that's very
interesting and I'm very excited to see
what this Clifford location could be now
we're gonna see a wide variety of things
such as assassination missions added in
strangers and freaks different mission
triggers also I believe there's like 34
more than 34 mission triggers found
within these game files in reference to
single player DLC missions so that's
very cool and also I want to talk about
there's new things being included in the
game such as a cell phone controller
script as well as dialog handler
building controller which that sounds
very interesting and like I mentioned
before I'm not really a genius when it
comes to the coding and different things
like that but maybe building controller
could be things like just controlling
different things within the interiors
that would be awesome having elevators
that you can interact with and take up
and down to different locations as well
as the cellphone controller who knows
what that could be maybe we're going to
get some more advanced cell phone
technologies within the game allowing us
to do more things so we'll just have to
wait and see when it comes to that but
last but not least the most interesting
thing that I want to talk about in
reference in in regards to a
single-player expansion is the casino
and this is something I've made videos
about since September 2013 and Rockstar
would not just add in the casino for no
reason within GTA 5 there's also a sign
on the front door that says opening soon
and that could mean only one thing we're
gonna get the casino and it's definitely
going to come with this update and
there's also been some coding and it
leaked in reference of course to the
casino within GTA 5
there's casino setup casino
prep one casino prep two and casino
heist and funmw2 has said that basically
this is going to take place after the
events of the GTA 5 single-player and
somehow Michael Trevor and Franklin are
in desperate need of money and with that
they go and they rob the casino which is
very cool and we've gotten some very
interesting leaks within 2015
referencing to the casino we've gotten
images of leaked slot machines and
interior and different things like that
so I definitely think we're gonna see
the casino and that's gonna be a very
big part of this DLC expansion but only
time will tell and we'll just have to
wait and see but that about wraps up the
video if you guys did enjoy definitely
be sure to leave a like rating down
below and also to subscribe for some
more daily Grand Theft Auto 5 content
and with all that said now the way I
believe that's just about it you guys
all take it easy have a safe one and I
will see you all in the next video